fix: Update Goerli end-of-support until at least end of Q1 2024 (#1068)
starknet-io/starknet-docs: components/Starknet/modules/starknet_versions/pages/deprecated.adoc

|Name|Description

| Goerli testnet

> a| Goerli testnet is deprecated and is being replaced by Sepolia testnet. Starknet started migrating to Sepolia testnet on November 15th, 2023. Goerli testnet will be supported at least until the end of the first quarter of 2024. For more information on the Goerli deprecation, see https://ethereum.org/nb/developers/docs/networks/#ethereum-testnets[the deprecation announcement on Ethereum's site].

Author: ```suggestion
a| Goerli testnet is deprecated and is being replaced by Sepolia testnet. Starknet started migrating to Sepolia testnet on November 15th, 2023. Goerli testnet support will be removed in the upcoming months. You should migrate to Sepolia testnet as soon as possible. For more information on the Goerli deprecation, see https://ethereum.org/nb/developers/docs/networks/#ethereum-testnets[the deprecation announcement on Ethereum's site].
```
